# kickstarter-analysis
Kickstarter Analysis: Louise 
Overview: Louise, a playwright, nearly reached her fundraising goal for her upcoming play, 'Fever'.  To gain a bette understanding of how her play is to perform once in theaters, she asked us, Justin Consultancy LLC., to perform an analysis of her competitors.
Analysis:
  After a deep analysis, it became apparent that the biggest impact on a plays ability to fundraise cash was the launch date.  Shows that launched fundraising during the later minths in the year were less successful.  The most successful months that fundraisers launched at were late sring into early summer.  February also proved to be a strong launch date for plays.  Strangely, the number of failures increased during the early spring and summer months as well.  This is likely ot be contibuted to the fact that there were more plays launched during those months, so competition was high.  
  Another indicator that stood out was how successful plays were with respect to their goals set in the fundraising. It comes as no surprise that the lower the fundraising goal, the more likely the goal to be met.  Seemingly, the most common fundrasing goal was between 5k to 10k, which hit at a solid percentage of 65% success.  What might be the most important data from the data analyzed in outcome based on goals were the percentage canceled. There appears to be no linear relationship between the goal and the percentage of cancelation.  Rates of cancelation for plays with the goal of 15k to 20k were lower than all goal ranges aside from 1k to 5k. Additionally, this range saw the highest success rate.  While there is no data to support why, two assumptions can be made about the plays that were within this range. 1: these plays goals were over the total amount that was required to run the show, thus giving them enough cash flow to sustainthemselves during the rougher seasons.  2: plays asking for this amount of money were of higher quality, though possibly not the most high quality, and had enough cash flow to run the show properly and sell tickets. You can possibly assume that these plays were high quality due to the higher percentage of this goal group meeting their goal (people donating the money likely give money to people they believe and trust in, so if they are meeting those goals at a higher clip than other group, it is because the show has promise)
  
  
